mapping,ontology,template
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Mars_crater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater,infobox mars crater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Meat-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food,meat stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_wrestler,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler,infobox wrestler
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFL_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueEvent,infobox nfl event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_boxer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer,infobox boxer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Jazz-composition-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork,jazz composition stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_game,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game,infobox game
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Wrestling-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler,wrestling bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Nonfiction-tv-prog-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,nonfiction tv prog stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/1930s-UK-film-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,1930s uk film stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_newspaper,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper,infobox newspaper
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-architect-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect,uk architect stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-autoracing-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver,us autoracing bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_military_person,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson,infobox military person
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-journalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist,uk journalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/GNF_Protein_box,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGene,gnf protein box
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Switzerland-railstation-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,switzerland railstation stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_lake,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake,infobox lake
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Novel-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel,novel stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympic_games,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics,infobox olympic games
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_economist,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist,infobox economist
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_airport,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport,infobox airport
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_golf_tournament,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament,infobox golf tournament
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_sports_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam,infobox sports team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Internet_Archive_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,internet archive film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Sweden,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics sweden
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,us writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_space_expedition,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission,infobox space expedition
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_aircraft_begin,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft,infobox aircraft begin
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_music_genre,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre,infobox music genre
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Parish_PT,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox parish pt
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Russian_federal_subject,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox russian federal subject
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Lake,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake,infobox lake
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_mountain_range,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange,infobox mountain range
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_U.S._county,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox u.s. county
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Software-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software,software stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-castle-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle,france castle stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-journalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist,us journalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_law_firm,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm,infobox law firm
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Chancellor,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor,infobox chancellor
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-sport-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,us sport bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,australia olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_CanadianMP,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,infobox canadianmp
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_standard,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song,infobox standard
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_national_football_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub,infobox national football team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_tennis_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer,infobox tennis biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,infobox television
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/IMDb_title,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,imdb title
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_writer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,infobox writer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NCAA_athlete,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete,infobox ncaa athlete
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,england politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Iran-wrestling-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler,iran wrestling bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_actor_voice,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor,infobox actor voice
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Canada,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics canada
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_North_American_Automobile,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile,infobox north american automobile
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Cambridge_college,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College,infobox cambridge college
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NFL_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer,nfl player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Texas-school-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution,texas school stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_religious_building,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding,infobox religious building
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bus_transit,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem,infobox bus transit
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_chef,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef,infobox chef
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_public_service,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicService,infobox public service
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_protein_family,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein,infobox protein family
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-Christian-monastery-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding,uk christian monastery stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Scotland-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,scotland mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Asia-newspaper-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper,asia newspaper stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cycling_race,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingRace,infobox cycling race
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_soap_character_2,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter,infobox soap character 2
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_city_Japan,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City,infobox city japan
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Canadian_provincial_riding,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox canadian provincial riding
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Swiss_town,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox swiss town
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_games,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent,infobox games
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Musician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,musician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_royalty,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty,infobox royalty
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Saint-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint,saint stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,us olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_sea,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea,infobox sea
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_religious_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious,infobox religious biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NHL_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam,infobox nhl team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Paralympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,paralympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_WNBA_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer,infobox wnba biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_league_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer,infobox rugby league biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Railway_Station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox railway station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_government_agency,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency,infobox government agency
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Poem-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem,poem stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_artwork,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork,infobox artwork
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_broadcasting_network,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork,infobox broadcasting network
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/ScottCoast-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,scottcoast geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_motorcycle_rider,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider,infobox motorcycle rider
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_restaurant,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant,infobox restaurant
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_monarch,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch,infobox monarch
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Music-genre-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre,music genre stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Canada-tv-prog-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,canada tv prog stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NewZealand-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,newzealand bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,infobox television film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Norway-mayor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor,norway mayor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-composer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,france composer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_airline,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline,infobox airline
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-guitarist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitarist,uk guitarist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Governor-General,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor,infobox governor general
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_MLB_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer,infobox mlb player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Austrian_district,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox austrian district
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/PRChina-athletics-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,prchina athletics bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_river,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River,infobox river
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Cricket-team-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam,cricket team stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_league,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague,infobox football league
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFL_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer,infobox nfl player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Palestine_municipality,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox palestine municipality
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,germany politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Classical-pianist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicArtist,classical pianist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_region_of_Italy,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox region of italy
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-nonfiction-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,uk nonfiction writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Greek_Isles,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox greek isles
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Prefecture_Japan,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox prefecture japan
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_attraction,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction,infobox attraction
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Fashion-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion,fashion stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-composer-20thC-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,us composer 20thc stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cricket_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam,infobox cricket team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cricketer_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,infobox cricketer biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/China-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,china politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_President,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President,infobox president
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Anglican-bishop-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop,anglican bishop stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Mayor,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor,infobox mayor
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Comic-strip-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip,comic strip stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Russian_inhabited_locality,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox russian inhabited locality
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,france writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_squash_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SquashPlayer,infobox squash player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_hospital,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital,infobox hospital
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_motorcycle,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Motorcycle,infobox motorcycle
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_historic_site,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace,infobox historic site
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_model,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model,infobox model
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_journalist,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist,infobox journalist
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/California-school-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution,california school stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_video_game,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame,infobox video game
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_glacier,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier,infobox glacier
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_space_shuttle,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle,infobox space shuttle
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-nonfiction-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,us nonfiction writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Solar-eclipse-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SolarEclipse,solar eclipse stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Ireland-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,ireland politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_public_transit,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem,infobox public transit
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Chembox,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound,chembox
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-cricket-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,england cricket bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_basketball_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer,infobox basketball biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_CFL_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam,infobox cfl team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_building,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building,infobox building
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Distinguish,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,distinguish
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_legislature,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature,infobox legislature
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-composer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,germany composer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Neighborhood_Portland_OR,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox neighborhood portland or
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Canada-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,canada bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Norwegian_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox norwegian station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Ireland-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,ireland writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_color,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour,infobox color
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Venus_crater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater,infobox venus crater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_badminton_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer,infobox badminton player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bone,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone,infobox bone
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-noble-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble,france noble stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/India-party-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty,india party stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_film_festival,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival,infobox film festival
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,uk olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_CityRail_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox cityrail station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_character,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter,infobox character
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/BritishColumbia-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,britishcolumbia politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_organization,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,infobox organization
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_engineer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer,infobox engineer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Old_Cricketer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,infobox old cricketer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-architect-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect,us architect stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Africa-party-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty,africa party stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_MP,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,infobox mp
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_District_Slovakia,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox district slovakia
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_military_conflict,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict,infobox military conflict
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Site_of_Special_Scientific_Interest,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest,infobox site of special scientific interest
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Buddhist_temple,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding,infobox buddhist temple
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_clergy,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric,infobox clergy
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Lunar_crater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater,infobox lunar crater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_shopping_mall,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall,infobox shopping mall
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rail,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem,infobox rail
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_vein,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vein,infobox vein
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Listen,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,listen
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/India-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,india writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Wisconsin-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,wisconsin politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_place_Ireland,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox place ireland
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_embryology,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology,infobox embryology
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NorthCarolina-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,northcarolina politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_speedway_rider,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayRider,infobox speedway rider
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_launch_pad,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LaunchPad,infobox launch pad
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-record-label-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel,us record label stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_horseraces,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace,infobox horseraces
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_artist_discography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtistDiscography,infobox artist discography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-artist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist,france artist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NS-station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox ns station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_president,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President,infobox president
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_league_football_competition,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague,infobox rugby league football competition
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Newfoundland-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,newfoundland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Drugbox,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug,drugbox
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_table_tennis_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer,infobox table tennis player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_food,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food,infobox food
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Motorsport_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportSeason,motorsport season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_enzyme,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme,infobox enzyme
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-tv-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,uk tv actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Canada-journalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist,canada journalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_fashion_designer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner,infobox fashion designer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Italian_comune,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox italian comune
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Korean_settlement,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox korean settlement
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_lighthouse,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse,infobox lighthouse
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Beltasteroid-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Asteroid,beltasteroid stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_speed_skater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skater,infobox speed skater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Christian-clergy-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric,christian clergy stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-SSSI-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest,uk sssi stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_handball_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballPlayer,infobox handball biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Novel-char-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter,novel char stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-org-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,us org stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_musical,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical,infobox musical
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-music-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,us music bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_magazine,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine,infobox magazine
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_animanga/Video,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime,infobox animanga/video
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Netherlands-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,netherlands olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television_soap_opera,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,infobox television soap opera
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_China_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox china station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japan-company-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company,japan company stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_roller_coaster,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster,infobox roller coaster
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Larentiinae-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect,larentiinae stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-rugbyleague-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer,australia rugbyleague bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_darts_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DartsPlayer,infobox darts player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_UK_postcode_area,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox uk postcode area
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Pittsburgh_neighborhood,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox pittsburgh neighborhood
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japanese-voice-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor,japanese voice actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_national_military,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit,infobox national military
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_monument,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument,infobox monument
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_lymph,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lymph,infobox lymph
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-historian-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Historian,us historian stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_New_Zealand_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox new zealand school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Geopolitical_organization,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,infobox geopolitical organization
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_biodatabase,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BiologicalDatabase,infobox biodatabase
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Sweden-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,sweden olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_award,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award,infobox award
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bay,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bay,infobox bay
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_gridiron_football_person,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer,infobox gridiron football person
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Polish_Soldiers,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson,infobox polish soldiers
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Weapon-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon,weapon stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cyclist,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist,infobox cyclist
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_protected_area,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea,infobox protected area
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Province_Vietnam,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox province vietnam
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_brewery,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brewery,infobox brewery
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Ambassador,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador,infobox ambassador
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_AFL_player_2,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer,infobox afl player 2
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_officeholder,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder,infobox officeholder
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_senator,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator,infobox senator
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_actor,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,infobox actor
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_alpine_ski_racer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier,infobox alpine ski racer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_skyscraper,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skyscraper,infobox skyscraper
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ship_career,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship,infobox ship career
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/SouthGeorgia-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,southgeorgia geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-academic-administrator-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,us academic administrator stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-business-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson,us business bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_club_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClubSeason,infobox football club season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_college_coach,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach,infobox college coach
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_aircraft_type,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft,infobox aircraft type
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television_channel,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation,infobox television channel
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Finland,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics finland
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_radio_show,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram,infobox radio show
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,england mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_dot-com_company,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company,infobox dot com company
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Belgium,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics belgium
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_country,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country,infobox country
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_person,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,infobox person
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_league_representative_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub,infobox rugby league representative team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_MMA_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent,infobox mma event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Spain-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,spain bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_broadcast,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation,infobox broadcast
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_radio_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation,infobox radio station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_animanga/Print,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga,infobox animanga/print
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_brain,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain,infobox brain
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Korean_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,infobox korean film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_French_region,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox french region
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer,infobox rugby biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_hockey_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam,infobox hockey team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_prison,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison,infobox prison
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_WTA_Tennis_Tournament,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament,infobox wta tennis tournament
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Automobile_engine_generation,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine,infobox automobile engine generation
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/OatesLand-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,oatesland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Italy,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics italy
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cycling_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingTeam,infobox cycling team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_criminal,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal,infobox criminal
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_street,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road,infobox street
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Authority_control,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,authority control
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japan-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,japan writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Year_dab,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year,year dab
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cultivar,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety,infobox cultivar
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-athletics-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,germany athletics bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Poland-railstation-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,poland railstation stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-canoe-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canoeist,germany canoe bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Greek_Dimos,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox greek dimos
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_baseball_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer,infobox baseball biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/PalmerLand-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,palmerland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Norway,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics norway
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Hungary,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics hungary
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_sport,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport,infobox sport
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Conservative-UK-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,conservative uk mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Noble-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble,noble stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-scientist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist,us scientist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Ukrainian_raion,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox ukrainian raion
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-child-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,us child writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Playboy_Playmate,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate,infobox playboy playmate
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/DavisCup_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer,daviscup player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/AIADMK-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,aiadmk politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Royal_House,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,infobox royal house
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Ireland-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,ireland bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_non-profit,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation,infobox non profit
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_album,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album,infobox album
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,france bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_racecourse,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse,infobox racecourse
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_mountain_pass,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass,infobox mountain pass
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Netherlands-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,netherlands politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Cutaneous-condition-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease,cutaneous condition stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_saint,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint,infobox saint
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_curler,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Curler,infobox curler
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_President-elect,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President,infobox president elect
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_skier,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier,infobox skier
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_election,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Election,infobox election
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/EllsworthLand-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,ellsworthland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bus_company,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusCompany,infobox bus company
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Greece,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics greece
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Denmark-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,denmark olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Mercury_crater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater,infobox mercury crater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cave,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cave,infobox cave
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_language,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language,infobox language
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/ChurchofEngland-bishop-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop,churchofengland bishop stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_kommune,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox kommune
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_road_junction,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction,infobox road junction
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_automobile,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile,infobox automobile
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ice_hockey_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyPlayer,infobox ice hockey player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-painter-17thC-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,italy painter 17thc stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_drug,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug,infobox drug
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Great_Britain,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics great britain
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NCAA_team_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NCAATeamSeason,infobox ncaa team season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-academic-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,uk academic bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Saskatchewan-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,saskatchewan geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-academic-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,us academic bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_French_commune,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox french commune
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-painter-16thC-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,italy painter 16thc stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_space_mission,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission,infobox space mission
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/India-stub,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,india stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_UK_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox uk school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-org-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,uk org stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_swimmer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer,infobox swimmer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Cheese-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese,cheese stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_stadium,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium,infobox stadium
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_park,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park,infobox park
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Nonfiction-book-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book,nonfiction book stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-band-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band,us band stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,england bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_France,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics france
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_earthquake,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Earthquake,infobox earthquake
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Scottish_island,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island,infobox scottish island
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ligament,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ligament,infobox ligament
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_comics_character,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter,infobox comics character
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-Christian-clergy-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric,uk christian clergy stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-judge-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge,us judge stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-politician-UMP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,france politician ump stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Pyramidellidae-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca,pyramidellidae stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/See_also,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,see also
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/See_also2,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,see also2
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_pope,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope,infobox pope
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub,infobox rugby team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_road,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road,infobox road
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Golfcourse-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse,golfcourse stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_F1_driver,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacer,infobox f1 driver
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-rowing-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rower,germany rowing olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_United_States,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics united states
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_mineral,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral,infobox mineral
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-garden-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden,us garden stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_martial_artist,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist,infobox martial artist
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Horseracing-race-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace,horseracing race stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_winery,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Winery,infobox winery
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Football_squad_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember,football squad player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_murderer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Murderer,infobox murderer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-composer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,italy composer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Judge,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge,infobox judge
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NewZealand-sport-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,newzealand sport bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_politician,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,infobox politician
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bridge,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge,infobox bridge
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/SouthKorea-railstation-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,southkorea railstation stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Province_TR,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox province tr
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_chess_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChessPlayer,infobox chess biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_automobile_engine,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine,infobox automobile engine
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-baseball-team-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam,us baseball team stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_gymnast,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast,infobox gymnast
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Disease-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease,disease stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Belgium_Municipality,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox belgium municipality
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Austria,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics austria
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_constellation,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation,infobox constellation
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_protected_area_of_Australia,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea,infobox protected area of australia
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_sumo_wrestler,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SumoWrestler,infobox sumo wrestler
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Korean_cuisine,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food,korean cuisine
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_currency,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency,infobox currency
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Canada_electoral_district,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox canada electoral district
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_military_unit,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit,infobox military unit
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_club,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub,infobox football club
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Film_date,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,film date
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NewBrunswick-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,newbrunswick politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_academic_conference,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicConference,infobox academic conference
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Norway-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,norway olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/RC-clergy-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric,rc clergy stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Baseball-season-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballSeason,baseball season stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_pageant_titleholder,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen,infobox pageant titleholder
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,france olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_turf_race,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace,infobox turf race
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Politician,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,infobox politician
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_anatomy,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure,infobox anatomy
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Distinguish2,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,distinguish2
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_year_in_spaceflight,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/YearInSpaceflight,infobox year in spaceflight
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_spacecraft,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft,infobox spacecraft
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Chinese_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,infobox chinese film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_savivaldybe,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox savivaldybe
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_software,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software,infobox software
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_canal,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal,infobox canal
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_netball_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NetballPlayer,infobox netball biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Kibbutz,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox kibbutz
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_wine_region,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion,infobox wine region
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_F1_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneTeam,infobox f1 team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_short_story,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork,infobox short story
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_comics_creator,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator,infobox comics creator
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_animanga_character,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter,infobox animanga character
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-company-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company,us company stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Baronet-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Baronet,baronet stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Sweden-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,sweden actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rugby_union_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer,infobox rugby union biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Netherlands,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics netherlands
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Folk-song-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song,folk song stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/IMDb_name,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,imdb name
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rail_line,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine,infobox rail line
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_tournament_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament,infobox football tournament season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_lacrosse_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrossePlayer,infobox lacrosse player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_adult_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor,infobox adult biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_country_Olympics,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox country olympics
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_District_DE,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox district de
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-museum-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum,us museum stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Scotland-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,scotland bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Hokkaidō-railstation-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,hokkaidō railstation stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Russia-athletics-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,russia athletics bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,infobox film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bishop,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop,infobox bishop
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_diocese,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese,infobox diocese
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Pope-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope,pope stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-painter-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,uk painter stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ship_characteristics,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship,infobox ship characteristics
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_horse_race,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace,infobox horse race
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Play-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play,play stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NewZealand-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,newzealand writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_weapon,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon,infobox weapon
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NorthCarolina-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,northcarolina geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Pro_hockey_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam,infobox pro hockey team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_recurring_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention,infobox recurring event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Norway-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,norway bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Province_Peru,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox province peru
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_artery,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery,infobox artery
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_basketball_club,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam,infobox basketball club
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_union,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion,infobox union
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Scotland-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,scotland writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_single,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single,infobox single
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_racehorse,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse,infobox racehorse
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Singapore_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox singapore school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Org-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation,org stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-Labor-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,australia labor politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_school_athletics,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam,infobox school athletics
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Extrasolar-planet-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet,extrasolar planet stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Irish_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox irish school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japan-dam-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam,japan dam stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_university,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University,infobox university
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Japan_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,infobox japan station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Sport-event-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent,sport event stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Governor_General,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor,infobox governor general
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-composer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,uk composer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,italy bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Music-festival-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival,music festival stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-poet-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poet,uk poet stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Award-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award,award stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-law-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,us law bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/USSR-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,ussr olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_SCOTUS_case,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase,infobox scotus case
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_secondary_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox secondary school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_library,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library,infobox library
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Wrestling_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrestlingEvent,infobox wrestling event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_beverage,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage,infobox beverage
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_MLB,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam,infobox mlb
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Research-Project,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject,research project
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_professional_wrestler,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler,infobox professional wrestler
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/India-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,india politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ethnic_group,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup,infobox ethnic group
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_comic_book_title,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic,infobox comic book title
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_song,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song,infobox song
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_GAA_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer,infobox gaa player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cricketer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,infobox cricketer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_former_country,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country,infobox former country
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_World_Heritage_Site,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite,infobox world heritage site
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Restaurant-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant,restaurant stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_planet,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet,infobox planet
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Eurovision_Song_Contest_entry,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EurovisionSongContestEntry,infobox eurovision song contest entry
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/BBC-tv-prog-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,bbc tv prog stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/BritishColumbia-park-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park,britishcolumbia park stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_league_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason,infobox football league season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,australia writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_galaxy,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy,infobox galaxy
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_English_county,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox english county
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,england actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_mobile_phone,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device,infobox mobile phone
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Bio-book-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book,bio book stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_museum,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum,infobox museum
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Australian_football_club,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballTeam,infobox australian football club
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/BritishColumbiaInterior-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,britishcolumbiainterior geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_church,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding,infobox church
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_hotel,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel,infobox hotel
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Song-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song,song stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_bodybuilder,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bodybuilder,infobox bodybuilder
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Prime_Minister-elect,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister,infobox prime minister elect
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Saskatchewan-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,saskatchewan politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-painter-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,us painter stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_play,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play,infobox play
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-painter-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,germany painter stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Norway-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,norway writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_noble,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble,infobox noble
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Cornwall-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,cornwall geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_tennis_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisTournament,infobox tennis event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_OS,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software,infobox os
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_UK_place,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox uk place
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Equestrian-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRider,equestrian bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_theatre,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre,infobox theatre
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_individual_golf_tournament,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament,infobox individual golf tournament
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Senator,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator,infobox senator
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Handball-club-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballTeam,handball club stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Germany-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,germany writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Starbox_begin,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star,starbox begin
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/PBB,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein,pbb
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NBA_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam,infobox nba team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_dam,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam,infobox dam
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Luxembourg_commune,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox luxembourg commune
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_racing_driver,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver,infobox racing driver
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Prime_Minister,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister,infobox prime minister
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_muscle,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle,infobox muscle
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_football_match,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch,infobox football match
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Grand_Prix_race_report,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix,infobox grand prix race report
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NFL_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam,nfl team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_philosopher,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher,infobox philosopher
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Carabidae-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect,carabidae stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Entomologist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Entomologist,entomologist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_AFL_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer,infobox afl player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_classical_composer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,infobox classical composer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Canada-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,canada writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_continent,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent,infobox continent
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Sweden-XC-skiing-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier,sweden xc skiing bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_ski_area,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea,infobox ski area
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,uk politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Speedway_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayTeam,infobox speedway team
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Africa-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,africa writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,france politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_disease,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease,infobox disease
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Classical-composition-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicComposition,classical composition stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-tv-prog-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow,uk tv prog stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Pref_GR,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox pref gr
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Australia_state_or_territory,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox australia state or territory
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Automobile_generation,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile,infobox automobile generation
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Rugby_Union_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer,infobox rugby union biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NASCAR_driver,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver,infobox nascar driver
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_judge,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge,infobox judge
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Fashion-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner,fashion bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-artist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist,uk artist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-boxing-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer,us boxing bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_former_Arab_villages_in_Palestine,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village,infobox former arab villages in palestine
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Switzerland,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics switzerland
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Alpine-skiing-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier,alpine skiing bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_venue,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue,infobox venue
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Cricketer_Infobox,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,cricketer infobox
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,australia bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NBA_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer,infobox nba biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-musician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,us musician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Golf-tournament-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament,golf tournament stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_political_party,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty,infobox political party
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_law_school,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox law school
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_college_football_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer,infobox college football player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Redirect-distinguish,http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Thing,redirect distinguish
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_South_African_town,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox south african town
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,france actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-artist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist,us artist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_protein,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein,infobox protein
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Ireland-railstation-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation,ireland railstation stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-cricket-ground-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketGround,england cricket ground stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Space_Shuttle_mission,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission,infobox space shuttle mission
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Bangladesh_district,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox bangladesh district
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_architect,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect,infobox architect
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Israel_municipality,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement,infobox israel municipality
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,italy writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,us bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-painter-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter,italy painter stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/GrahamLand-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,grahamland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympic_event,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicEvent,infobox olympic event
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_information_appliance,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance,infobox information appliance
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Greek-myth-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MythologicalFigure,greek myth stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,uk mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/NewZealand-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,newzealand politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Japanese_film,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film,infobox japanese film
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_automobile_platform,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile,infobox automobile platform
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason,infobox television season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/France-athletics-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,france athletics bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/RC-bishop-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop,rc bishop stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,uk writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_education_in_Canada,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School,infobox education in canada
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_website,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website,infobox website
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_medical_person,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician,infobox medical person
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Wales-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,wales writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/India-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,india bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japan-struct-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure,japan struct stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-photographer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer,us photographer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-screen-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScreenWriter,us screen writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_book,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book,infobox book
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Prog-lang-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage,prog lang stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_publisher,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher,infobox publisher
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_journal,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal,infobox journal
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_space_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation,infobox space station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Website-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website,website stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Star-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star,star stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Italy-volleyball-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer,italy volleyball bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Chembox_Identifiers,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound,chembox identifiers
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_television_episode,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode,infobox television episode
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_power_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PowerStation,infobox power station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_soap_character,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter,infobox soap character
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Congressman,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman,infobox congressman
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_programming_language,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage,infobox programming language
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_given_name,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName,infobox given name
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_boxer_(amateur),http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmateurBoxer,infobox boxer (amateur)
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-film-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,uk film actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_locomotive,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive,infobox locomotive
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Doctor_Who_episode,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode,infobox doctor who episode
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Football_box,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event,football box
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_golfer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer,infobox golfer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_scientist,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist,infobox scientist
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_nerve,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nerve,infobox nerve
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/UK-bio-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,uk bio stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Australian_road,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road,infobox australian road
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_holiday,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday,infobox holiday
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/England-writer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer,england writer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_grape_variety,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape,infobox grape variety
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_U.S._state,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox u.s. state
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Olympics_Australia,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult,infobox olympics australia
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFL_season,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueSeason,infobox nfl season
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_train,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train,infobox train
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_record_label,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel,infobox record label
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Hollywood_cartoon,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon,infobox hollywood cartoon
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Governor,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor,infobox governor
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_spaceflight,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite,infobox spaceflight
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Surname-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surname,surname stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_water_ride,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterRide,infobox water ride
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Persondata,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person,persondata
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_US_Ambassador,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador,infobox us ambassador
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/US-singer-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist,us singer stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_element,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement,infobox element
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Crater-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater,crater stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Liberal-UK-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,liberal uk mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/MEP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,mep stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Russian_district,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox russian district
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_cardinal_styles,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal,infobox cardinal styles
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFL_coach,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballCoach,infobox nfl coach
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_recent_cricketer,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer,infobox recent cricketer
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Japan-actor-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor,japan actor stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/INC-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,inc politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Canada-Olympic-medalist-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,canada olympic medalist stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_islands,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island,infobox islands
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/MarieByrdLand-geo-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place,mariebyrdland geo stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFLretired,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer,infobox nflretired
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_international_football_competition,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament,infobox international football competition
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_sportsperson,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete,infobox sportsperson
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Oxford_college,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College,infobox oxford college
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_figure_skater,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater,infobox figure skater
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Australia-politician-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician,australia politician stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_AFL_biography,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer,infobox afl biography
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Labour-UK-MP-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament,labour uk mp stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_astronaut,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut,infobox astronaut
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_Deutsche_Bahn_station,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station,infobox deutsche bahn station
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_rocket,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket,infobox rocket
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_poker_player,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer,infobox poker player
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_former_subdivision,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion,infobox former subdivision
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Asparagales-stub,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant,asparagales stub
http://mappings.dbpedia.org/server/mappings/en/Infobox_NFL_team,http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam,infobox nfl team
